release: v1.58.0 (#6298)
apollographql/router: .changesets/helm_host_configuration.md

Reviewer: Why do we still have a changeset entry here ?

Author: @bnjjj Oh, because the file was not named correctly.

Author: Fixed manually with b09cbd707c377cdecee92d53f3cf19f.  Nice eye!

> ### Allow for configuration of the host via the helm template for virtual service ([PR #5545](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5795))
> 
> Using the virtual service template change allows the configuration of the host from a variable when doing helm deploy.
> The default of any host causes issues for those that use different hosts for a single AKS cluster

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Allow configuring host via Helm template for virtual service ([PR #5545](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5795))

When deploying via Helm, you can now configure hosts in `virtualservice.yaml` as a single host or a range of hosts. This is helpful when different hosts could be used within a cluster.
```
